blog: mcp-ui recap blog (#4146)
block/goose: documentation/blog/2025-08-25-mcp-ui-future-agentic-interfaces/index.md

authors: 
    - ebony
---

![mcp ui](mcpui-goose.png)

The days of endless text walls in AI agent conversations are numbered. What if instead of reading through paragraphs of product descriptions, you could browse a beautiful, interactive catalog? What if booking a flight seat could be as simple as clicking on your preferred spot on a visual seat map? This isn't science fiction. It's happening right now with MCP-UI.

In a recent [Wild Goose Case episode](https://www.youtube.com/live/GS-kmreZDgU), we dove deep into MCP-UI with its creators Ido Salomon and Liad Yosef from Monday.com, alongside Block's own Andrew Harvard, to explore how this groundbreaking technology is reshaping the future of agentic interfaces.

<!-- truncate -->

## The Problem with Text-Only Interfaces

Let's be honest, we've all been there. You ask an AI agent to help you shop for shoes, and you get back a wall of text with product names, prices, and descriptions. Then you have to copy and paste URLs, open multiple tabs, and basically do all the work yourself. It defeats the purpose of having an AI assistant in the first place.

> As Ido put it during our conversation: "I think everyone did something had a bunch of text and were like this is terrible why do I have to type all of that and kind of rage quit chat GPT."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As Ido put it during our conversation: "I think everyone did something, had a bunch of text, and were like 'This is terrible. Why do I have to type all of that?' and kind of rage quit chat GPT."
```
